after several campaigns relegated to the last position of the standings
of the professional basketball league Panthers Miranda that relive their
golden age and the sport of the giants
Last Monday, January 24, he began his preseason with a group of
talented young people who will participate in the special league organized by the lpb
to develop the relief generation it is important to highlight that
panthers one of the four teams that did not present their youth squad to
play this contest the previous year with giant globetrotters
guaiqueríes
in addition to the achievements recruited by the felines it was repaired to preserve dad
carrillo de sebucán stellar figures osorio eduardo pichi towers
red and white and the player pumas seasons disputed in the authors a
and who has played the most minutes and also scored more triples
than any other player
days returning miranda panthers after five seasons
then it will be a specific job
from a role
doing for the tenor carlos market
I will try to bring experience and leadership
but above all do a job that I know how to do
to what is asked
in its electoral program of the PSOE before this center is a ticket for the second year
consecutive to carlos market
the Puerto Rican technician of great experience and who signed the
mirandinos very close to the classification
for the Puerto Rican this year the team has more experience and is
working conscientiously to achieve classification
the difference plus the big man from our year can allow for
love still the movadef evidence
the lung of the world from the perimeter
and second fashionable post
a player of a power forward instead of an escort
e mouth a little more than reuters
market announced the import for this campaign where an acquaintance stands out
of the hobby
prokhorov that was based on the calls another last year
another spectacular average
in this league 19 points five rebounds and two assists
I do not know much to say
I hope everything now that we created yesterday seeing the beginning are
percent houses about a dd
two meters tall he came to the sporting up to asia
the average 10% or more days of 16 points 7 points per game and 10 points 9
bounces has won 15 rebounds
The other gold was agile fast ffdp hosts action according to the balance very
well what I want to do a good pair with
pocoyo
but all the above is called deandre coleman made 20 points 7 point for
Uruguayan match also and that is already new but it has taken another place